Reword for `Skin Contest: Icons of an Era` news post (#9356)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2023/2023-05-10-skinning-contest-icons-of-an-era.md

The theme for this contest is **Icons of an Era**. We aim to spark the community's imagination by encouraging creators to make beautiful skins centred around various iconic osu! beatmaps that have risen to glory throughout osu!'s lifetime, as well as paying homage to the many official or community-made osu! mascots that have been introduced over the course of the past 15 years.

> Here are a couple of examples:

Reviewer: Overall our list should be:

1. skin centered around one beatmap
2. skin centered around a single beatmap
3. skin centered around one or more mascots
4. or any combination of these

Currently only 2 and 3 are clearly pointed out, with 4 being hinted at with the pippi x big black line (which i would just replace for a more clear example). 1 is missing completly

- pippi singing into the microphone from [The Big Black](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/41823#osu/131891)
- a group of beatmap backgrounds from a specific era in osu! history
- skin focused around a specific mascot or group of mascots

Whatever you end up choosing, please make sure that the theme is prominent as anyone should be able to open your entry and almost immediately recognise what the inspiration behind your entry was.

Before you decide to take a journey through osu!'s history and come up with ideas, let's clear some ground rules, as well as the various schedules and prizes for the top entries!

## Participation

As is tradition by this point, all skins have to be created from scratch and be aligned with the rules listed below!

In order to submit your skin you must:

- post your entry on the forums under the [Work In Progress Skins](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/119) subforum

> - post a link of your entry in the [submission post](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1762287)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- post a link to your entry in the [submission thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1762287)
```

> - post a link to your entry in the [submission thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1762287)

Reviewer: This should probably point out explicitly that they need to follow the format listed in the forum post
